c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\TodayTizenDemo.Tizen.exe
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\TodayTizenDemo.Tizen.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\ElmSharp.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.DispatchProxy.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Emit.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Emit.ILGeneration.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Emit.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.TypeExtensions.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Loader.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Cng.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Content.MediaContent.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Content.MimeType.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Messaging.Push.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.Connection.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.WiFi.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Security.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Security.SecureRepository.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Sensor.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.Information.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.MediaKey.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.Storage.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Tracer.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Uix.InputMethodManager.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Uix.Stt.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Tizen.Uix.Tts.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Tizen.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\TodayTizenDemo.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\bin\Debug\TodayTizenDemo.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\obj\Debug\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\obj\Debug\TodayTizenDemo.Tizen.exe
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TodayTizenDemo\TizenXamarinApp\TizenXamarinApp.TizenMobile\obj\Debug\TodayTizenDemo.Tizen.pdb
