c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\TizenXamarin.Tizen.exe
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\TizenXamarin.Tizen.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\ElmSharp.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\apphost
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\libhostpolicy.so
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\libhostfxr.so
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Account.AccountManager.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Account.FidoClient.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Account.OAuth2.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.Alarm.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.Badge.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.Common.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.DataControl.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.MessagePort.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.Notification.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.NotificationEventListener.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.PackageManager.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.Preference.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.RemoteView.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.Service.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.ToastMessage.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.UI.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.WidgetApplication.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Applications.WidgetControl.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Content.Download.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Content.MediaContent.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Content.MimeType.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Location.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Location.Geofence.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Log.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Maps.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Messaging.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Messaging.Push.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.AudioIO.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.Camera.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.MediaCodec.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.MediaPlayer.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.Metadata.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.Radio.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.Recorder.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.Remoting.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.StreamRecorder.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.Util.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Multimedia.Vision.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.Bluetooth.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.Connection.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.IoTConnectivity.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.Nfc.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.Smartcard.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.WiFi.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Network.WiFiDirect.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.NUI.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Security.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Security.SecureRepository.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Security.TEEC.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Sensor.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.Feedback.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.Information.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.MediaKey.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.Storage.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.System.SystemSettings.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Telephony.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Tracer.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Uix.InputMethodManager.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Uix.Stt.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Uix.Tts.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.Uix.VoiceControl.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Tizen.WebView.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Tizen.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Tizen.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\TizenXamarin.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\bin\Debug\TizenXamarin.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\obj\Debug\TizenXamarin.Tizen.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\obj\Debug\TizenXamarin.Tizen.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\obj\Debug\TizenXamarin.Tizen.exe
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin\TizenXamarin.Tizen\obj\Debug\TizenXamarin.Tizen.pdb
